---
title: "[Blog] Why did I restart writing a blog?"
date: 2025-01-19 09:30:00 +0900
categories: [Blog, Idea]
tags: [Blog]
---

Recently, during a discussion in my English debate group, EXEA, I was asked about the meaning or purpose of work in my life.
From the start, I had many answers to this kind of question because I've thought about it a lot, especially while preparing for job interviews.
Some of my answers include:

- I work to make the world a better place.
- I work to bring happiness to my family.
- I work to challenge myself.

  ...

Yeah, all of this sounds great and really motivates me in the workplace. However, when I rephrased the question slightly to ask, “What is the most significant factor that makes you happy in your workplace?” a different idea came to mind.

- I work in order to be recognized by others.

This may sound really basic (or even primitive) and honest. At the same time, I understand how this kind of answer could be criticized as a passive mindset, as it might seem like your happiness in the workplace depends on how others perceive you. This argument seems valid, especially when you consider how many older people who heavily rely on external recognition feel a sense of emptiness after retiring.

However, after refelcting on it more deeply, I've realized that this isn't true. It's not a passive mindset at all. In fact, _I am the one who decides how I want to be recognized_. For example, if I want to be recognized as a chef rather than an engineer, then once I make that decision, it’s up to me to work hard and deliver outstanding results as a chef. In this sense, this mindset is anything but passive—it’s proactive and empowering.
,.
